[Music]
the channel for new around here my name
is 32 recipes today I gotta you actin
blink what I based on York City and so I
cruise around a lot on my boots for that
is literally how I get around everywhere
but it's heavy and it's big which is
great for taking the bumps in New York
or the longer trips but I've been trying
to find a shorter board for the shores
right that's why I'm so curious about
this new action board it is not a
hashtag sponsored or ads but my
affiliate link to the board will be in
the description below John tell me about
the board that you have which one is it
I have a blink ass mine too light to
blink light yours is the blink s and
there's the f2 in the Quatro so before
we get into anything we're going to
write it where to do all the things
let's unbox it tonight
[Music]
this is actually awesome how to small
this charger is easy to put in the
backpack John what so tiny report my
gosh as the Dillon look super like - I
know at first I was kind of jealous
because I wanted yours yeah but like if
I don't want to bring my boots and wear
it somewhere right
how's it feel yeah you conceited like
extra trips on it here is the blink
light and here is the actin f weight
yeah they're like the same length though
it's just it's just the width in the uhm
yeah look at that I mean okay so yours
is basically longer by like that much
and then it's wider so the route takes
two triple A batteries something that I
guess it's cool if you don't have to
worry about charging it but then you'll
go through batteries I never have a
problem with just remembering to charge
my booster board remote about once once
a week so inside there right here if you
can tell there is a switch it's a turtle
and it's a really fast bunny so I think
that changes the modes on/off switch on
the side I have a bug dude on the
charger and we will go right up with
them see how they hold up in the real
world so this is actually the charger
for the bleep light it's tiny something
really cool about these boards is they
both have light on the bottom of them it
helps when you're writing at nice to the
side of the F also lights up which is
nice it's super bright this is a charter
difference so
this one running down to the light and
then s has the bigger brick but then it
has this type of wall wall outlet
alright next time you see these we will
be writing them till age so for the
order to see how fast yeah I'm on the
light right now and what you get going
it gets going but it definitely does not
have much like acceleration like the
blink s done I could ride this in very
few parts of New York this is a blink s
you don't really have to do a kickstart
you can just go on the acceleration and
go and it gets fast quick do this one
it's so much more fast so much more
unstable but you can go really fast with
it and then the brake is sticky but it
comes to a complete stop the light will
slow you down but it doesn't come to a
complete stop for you so John's gonna
ride the light I'm gonna ride to s let's
do a little race real quick you're gonna
smoke my hanging out behind your back
crash oh I just wash on the difference
okay
John kick push like three times this one
is going faster this time it's going to
be just few zmuda so oh my gosh so he is
manually and making it go see how long
you can do it Wow like okay so I am
someone who is on a Electric skateboards
every single day it's how I get around
John is a state water that's why he like
does for living so heat is on a normal
skateboard all the time but you're
probably wondering if you never stepped
on the board before will he be able to
you know be comfortable which one do you
think is better for you if you want to
go smaller or lighter or maybe the
bigger one will offer more stability and
you want the speed so I have someone
here to kind of gauge the situation
Justine
so you have been on a skateboard before
yeah but I'm not good okay so I need you
to help me out by deciding which one are
you more comfortable on so we have to
light it's obviously lighter but it goes
like 10 miles per hour the bigger one
goes 15 miles an hour
okay so I want your thoughts after your
eye BOCES I have faith in you thank you
oh my gosh yeah
listen if you're out there riding
electric skateboard safety is number one
I proceed safety I am so impressed how
prepared you are right now there
although these are children's exalted
this is right but they're the only ones
that were Campbell
that's okay they're really pen Ural
alright so board number one this is the
blink light goes up to ten miles an hour
you can kind of like press full throttle
and it'll ease it you got this Justine
I'm so worried about my crash
it'll you go right over I'll be I'll
catch you if you fall
just pick the light it takes a little
bit to get it going a while since I've
been there you go
yes just go full force over it the
second one it's a little bit bigger it's
going to be easier to balance and it
goes faster and the brakes are actually
a little bit more sticky on point but
it'll stop like full stop this one is
kinda like oh yeah I'm going to break it
for you but this one will like comes
with a new stock rail and I need to
bring this with me by surprise yeah well
this one is a little bit more Josie Oh
be more Torquay
[Music]
right like do this like you need to know
how to actually click right yeah we have
fundamentals down because what it's
battery guys and then you're like oh
cool exactly a lot of like like push oh
hey you're all yes okay
I'm going to take it on a road that is
more similar to New York City New York
City is definitely not flat ground like
that is okay let's see
[Music]
the brookdale feels good
this is a little bit of an incline
I feel like the light wouldn't even be
able to get out of this because this is
slow this is I mean it's getting me
there but not super fast now going up a
Fame incline but with this I don't think
I'll be able to make it slowly alone
with this I'm going to have to push but
we'll see how it does
I'm skeptical right with a push start
[Music]
is that your vehicle Sarah made it to my
car
and there's actually my house maybe yeah
we can I already may need to use the
electric battery why's devoted fantastic
as well we've been cruising for about an
hour and neither of them died I think
they both have about a five mile range
scientific knowledge takes 45 minutes to
rush you didn't fall I didn't lose it so
okay so my favorite was the blink s it
has more power and it's a little bit
more stable
what are your phone book I like one of
the little bit more sturdy yeah yeah I
guess yeah yeah what are you John the
blink is faster but you like the light
because you can't rip I like the light
because it's more like a skateboard buy
this in this matter that's not why you
do s yeah yeah all the links will be on
attrition but let me apply to say give
us subscribe button down below and the
links to these boards will be also in
the description again jpg okay
[Music]